Add Explanation for Certificate Refreshes (#637)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/snap/explanation/refresh-certs.md

rotating certificates before they expire. Kubernetes certificates have
a specific validity period, after which they expire and are no longer
considered valid. If an expired certificate is used, it can lead to failures
in communication between cluster components, potentially disrupting the entire
cluster functionality.

Certificate refreshes ensure that the certificates in use are always valid and
secure, preventing unauthorized access or communication failures due to expired
certificates.

## Why Refreshing Certificates Is Important

### Maintaining Cluster Security

Certificates play a critical role in securing Kubernetes clusters by ensuring
that communication between components are encrypted and authenticated. When
a certificate expires, if not promptly renewed, it can leave the cluster
vulnerable to security risks. An expired certificate may not be able to
establish secure communication, potentially exposing the cluster to
unauthorized access.

Regular certificate refreshes mitigate this risk by ensuring that only valid
certificates are used, maintaining the security of the cluster.

### Preventing Downtime

> As previously mentioned, Kubernetes relies on certificates for internal
> communication between components. If these certificates expire and are not
> renewed, critical components like kubelet, API server, or the datastore may
> fail to communicate, leading to operational issues such as cluster downtime
> or disruptions to specific workloads.
> 
> Proactively refreshing certificates before they expire ensures that Kubernetes
> maintains continuous and uninterrupted operation of the cluster its workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes relies on certificates for internal communication between critical components, such as the
kubelet, API server, and datastore. Expired certificates can hinder this communication, leading to potential
downtime and workload disruptions. Proactively refreshing certificates before they expire helps maintain
uninterrupted cluster operations.
```
All your paragraphs are very well written but could be made more concise by removing repetitive information and making the content more dense. Here’s an example, please try and do something similar for the other paragraphs :)

### Security Compliance

Security standards, such as [CIS][], often require the regular rotation of

> credentials, including certificates. Periodically renewing Kubernetes
> certificates not only aligns with best practices for security and
> organizational policies but also ensures that the cluster meets security
> standards and compliance requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
credentials, including certificates. Periodically renewing Kubernetes
certificates ensures that the cluster meets security standards and compliance
requirements.
```
